# read me info:
This is a basic web app built to learn how to use angular. that's it.

# outstanding questions.
1. Is the best way to release the app by going via azure dev ops pipelines? see here: https://medium.com/ngconf/angular-on-azure-part-i-d842e8f76462
2. When using angular, how d you build a "home" page? do you use the app.component component, or create a new component? If you leave as app.component, how do you route to that component? I had massive troubles, so created a home component (port 4200/home), but now if you go just to port 4200, you get nothing...
3. Do you leverage styles.css for all central styles? If so, does the app.component stylesheet ONLY control that particular sheet? I'm confused by the hierarchy here
4. Tactical: why is my nav bar "scrollable"? i can't find which element has the problem of being too wide...


# ways to manage github
- usually would not have permission to push to master branch.
- INSTEAD: you create a feature branch, naming "feature_blog" (if blog is the feature)
- when feature is right, you do a "pull" request. Which means its a pull request for whoever owns the master branch, to pull your branch INTO the master branch. (and devOps has all this tooling to build into it.)
- so youd code it, you'd go into azure devops, and reqyuest a pull. the admin would then go in, review and pull your code into master
- "commit often, commit early" is the phrase, so actually you should commit all the time. Basically when you've finalised something and its working, commit it. 
- IN PERSONAL CASES:
-- can just push straight into master branch without any concerns. 
-- in the next week or so, create feature branches. 

Other notes:
- you never kill a head- if something goes wrong on say the 3rd commit, you wouldn't "kill" that commit, youd leave the commit, but then you pull down your second commit, and recommit that back as the 4th commit. 


___________________________________________content generated by Angular CLI_______________________________________________________
# HarryMcGuireAngularProject

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.1.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
